                                             Programming Languages     
 
 1.Java -  Java is a class-based, object-oriented programming language developed by Sun Microsystems in the 1990s. 
 Java and C# are similar programming languages that are statically, strongly, and manifestly typed, both are class-based
  object-oriented, both are designed with semi-interpretation or runtime compilation in mind, both use garbage-collection,
   and both are "curly brace languages" like C and C++.

 2.C - C is the predecessor for several languages, and it’s the language you’ll need to know to 
get started with most programming languages. If you learn the C language, you have a good foundation
on several other languages including C++, C#, and Java

 3.C++ - C++ is regarded as a mid-level language. This indicates that C++ comprises a combination of both high-level and
 low-level language features. C# is designed specifically to work with the .Net and is geared to the modern environment 
 of Windows and mouse-controlled user interface, networks and the internet.

 4.PHP is a server-side scripting language designed for web development but also used as a general-purpose programming language.
 PHP is an interpretive language, and will not be able to do all the things C# can. PHP can run on ANY platform, C# can natively
  only run on Windows driven platforms.

 5. Python is a high-level, server-side scripting language for websites and mobile apps. It's considered a fairly easy language for
  beginners due to its readability and compact syntax, meaning developers can use fewer lines of code to express a concept than they
  would in other languages.  It powers the web apps for Instagram, Pinterest and Rdio through its associated web framework, Django,
   and is used by Google, Yahoo! and NASA.
 
 6.Ruby is a dynamic, reflective, object-oriented, general-purpose programming language. It was designed and developed in the mid-1990s
  by Yukihiro "Matz" Matsumoto in Japan. According to its authors, Ruby was influenced by Perl, Smalltalk, Eiffel, Ada, and Lisp.
It supports multiple programming paradigms, including functional, object-oriented, and imperative. It also has a dynamic type system
 and automatic memory management.